docs: Update terminology. (#142)
dfinity/cdk-rs: docs/modules/rust-guide/pages/multiply-dependency.adoc

:native: Motoko
:lang: Rust
:platform: Internet Computer platform
:LEE: local canister execution environment
:IC: Internet Computer blockchain
:company-id: DFINITY
:sdk-short-name: DFINITY Canister SDK
:cdk-short-name: DFINITY Rust CDK
:sdk-long-name: DFINITY Canister Software Development Kit (SDK)
:cdk-long-name: DFINITY Canister Development Kit (CDK) for Rust

> One common approach to dapp design is to calculate or store data in one smart contract that you can then use in another smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One common approach to dapp design is to calculate or store data in one canister smart contract – or canister for short – that you can then use in another canister.
```

> This ability to share and use functions defined in different canister smart contracts, even if the underlying smart contracts are written in different languages, is an important strategy for building dapps to run the {IC}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ability to share and use functions defined in different canisters, even if the underlying canisters are written in different languages, is an important strategy for building dapps to run the {IC}.
```

:sdk-long-name: DFINITY Canister Software Development Kit (SDK)
:cdk-long-name: DFINITY Canister Development Kit (CDK) for Rust

> One common approach to Dapp design is to calculate or store data in one smart contract that you can then use in another smart contract. 

Reviewer 2: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decentralized_application uses DApp but lists DApp, dApp, Dapp, and dapp as variants. We should pick one and stick to it :)

Reviewer 2: I prefer just *dapp*, by the way.

Author: I agree, we should just pick one.  I am fine with any of them.  I'll watch for the decision and update all the files when the guidelines come out.

Author: I changed it to "dapp".  Let's see how that looks.

This ability to share and use functions defined in different smart contract canisters, even if the underlying smart contracts are written in different languages, is an important strategy for building Dapps to run the {IC} blockchain network.
This tutorial provides a basic introduction to how you can write functions in one language—in the example, {native}—then use the data in another—in this case, {lang}.

> For this tutorial, both smart contract canisters are in the same project. 

Reviewer 2: At some point you may want to switch to just canister?

Author: Took a pass.  PTAL

Author: Updated to "canister smart contract" as per discussions.

== Start the local network

> Before you can build the project, you need to connect to the {IC} network either running locally in your development environment or the decentralized {IC} mainnet.

Reviewer: I think I would suggest referring to "the decentralized IC mainnet" as "the IC". And maybe one connects to "a replica" instead of "the IC network"? Just my 2c.

Author: The goal as I understand it is to connect our special terminology to the terminology used in the wider industry.  To that extent, I have used the more common terminology (decentralized blockchain mainnet) and linked it to our terminology (IC/subnet) early in each page/document.  There are some things like "replica" which are so internal that I don't even think that they have a place in external documentation.  Given that "replica" literally refers to one of what will be a collection of processes I can't say that I have a clear idea of what a "replica" is vis-a-vis say a "node".  If it was me I would not use that term.

Author: updated with respect to discussion in slack: "Internet Computer blockchain".

> Before you can build the project, you need to connect to the {IC} network either running locally in your development environment or the decentralized {IC} mainnet.

Reviewer 2: I really like the term _the IC blockchain network_.

Can't you use this here as well? The fact that it has a define article indicates that there is only one and hence the "mainnet".

I'm not sure that the term "mainnet" adds much in general use, as the IC blockchain network doesn't have any testnets.

Author: The discussion seems to favor "Internet Computer blockchain" so I updated to that.  I converted the phrase to an attribute and added the modifier "mainnet" only when required to differentiate from the local IC.
